# Distro Core Repository POLICY

*   **All Commits Are GPG Signed**

    All commits must be signed with a configured GPG key. The signature is the
    verification method that a commit was generated by the designated user. This
    must be configured by the user before performing the first commit.

*   **No Secrets or Credentials**

    Never commit secrets or credentials that will essentially be placed in
    version control forever. Use runtime methods to capture secrets as
    volatile settings that can be used with the CI/CD build frameworks. Secrets
    should be stored in a secure location and not in version control.

*   **All Contributors Agree to Certificate of Origin**

    All contributors agree to the certificate of origin with each submission;
    specifically, attesting that the work supplied is in compliance with licensing
    and that it contains open source. Rhe contribution should be not contain any
    specific intellectual property that is not open source.

*   **No Arbitrary License Changes for Existing Packages**

    Package licenses from the originator of the package are to be respected. Do not
    arbitrarily modify the license of an existing package. The licenses are granted
    by the originator and may have certain limitations. It is expected that protected
    or confidential corporate intellectual property should never be contributed.

*   **Take Care With Package Binaries and Their LICENSE Dependencies**

    As an example, patches to GPLv3 LICENSE packages can potentially add risk to
    protected or confidential corporate intellectual property. Seek legal guidance
    before contributing if there is the potential that protected or confidential
    corporate intellectual property may be present. It is expected that contributors
    are performing their due diligence beforehand.

    The build process identifies in output logs the use of GPLv3 packages so that
    appropriate risk management decisions can be made. Use of a GPL package of an
    earlier version may also exclude changes, bug fixes, or enhancements that could
    impact security or its operations. Using older software packages is discouraged.
